README.md, before:

# Description

World of Stars est un jeu de gestion par navigateur.

Le joueur aura pour but de gérer les ressources de sa planète pour construire des batiments, des unités ainsi que des vaisseaux spatiaux afin de se défendre et d'attaquer les autres joueurs grâce aux vaisseaux ou par un réseau de trous de ver entre les planètes des joueurs.

# Initialisation

## Clone the repo
```
$ git clone https://github.com/acouprie/worldofstars.git
```

## Run with Docker (recommended)

```
$ docker-compose build
$ docker-compose up
$ docker-compose run web rake db:create
$ docker-compose run web rake db:migrate
$ docker-compose run web rake db:seed
```

## Run without docker
### System dependencies
```
$ gem install bundler
$ bundle install
```

### Database creation
```
$ rails db:migrate
```

### Database initialization
```
$ rails db:seed
```

### Launch the server
Run a [redis server](https://redis.io/)
```
$ rails s
$ bundle exec rake environment resque:scheduler
$ QUEUE=* rake environment resque:work
```

Connect to localhost:3000/

### How to run the test suite
```
$ rails t
```

## Credentials
User : test@test.com

Pwd : Test1234

Commit message:

ajax call for resources updates

README.md, after:

# Description

World of Stars is a browser-based game.

The player shall manage its planet's resources to build new buildings, units and spaceships in order to defend and attack the other players with the spaceships or through wormholes connecting the planets together.

This project use a set of innovative technologies such as Rails 6, Docker, Postgresql and Redis for the queuing system. Ajax calls are also made during the execution.

# Initialisation

## Clone the repo

```
$ git clone https://github.com/acouprie/worldofstars.git
```

## Run with Docker (recommended)

```
$ docker-compose build
$ docker-compose up
$ docker-compose run web rake db:create
$ docker-compose run web rake db:migrate
$ docker-compose run web rake db:seed
```

## Tests

```
$ docker-compose run web rails db:test:prepare
$ docker-compose run web rails test
```

## Run without docker (obsolete, possibly outdated)

### System dependencies

```
$ gem install bundler
$ bundle install
```

### Database creation

```
$ rails db:migrate
```

### Database initialization

```
$ rails db:seed
```

### Launch the server

Run a [redis server](https://redis.io/)
```
$ rails s
$ bundle exec rake environment resque:scheduler
$ QUEUE=* rake environment resque:work
```

Connect to localhost:3000/

### How to run the test suite

```
$ rails t
```

## Credentials

User : test@test.com

Pwd : Test1234
